Add Devcontainer (#24)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs-template: .devcontainer/README.md

<!-- LTex: enabled=false -->

# The Just-the-docs Devcontainer

**You can safely delete this `.devcontainer`-directory including its contents without breaking the build of your page.**

## What is this?

A [DevContainer](https://containers.dev) is a pre-configured and reproducible development environment, running in a docker container. The goal is to get you ready to do actual work on your project in the least amount of time and effort required. The containerized nature also allows to keep your machine untouched.

> This specific container is built from [this](https://github.com/devcontainers/templates/tree/main/src/jekyll) template made by Microsoft.

Reviewer: nit: links with text like "this" or "here" tend to be inaccessible

```suggestion
This specific container is built from [Microsoft's default Jekyll container](https://github.com/devcontainers/templates/tree/main/src/jekyll).
```

> # The Just-the-docs Devcontainer

Author: Yup. Source linked in the containers README-File.
